content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Ilan Price

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: PhD Candidate

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
- name: Mathematical Institute, University of Oxford
  url: https://www.maths.ox.ac.uk/
- name: The Alan Turing Institute
  url: https://www.turing.ac.uk/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research concerns the mathematics of deep learning and sparse neural networks

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
- Deep Learning
- Machine Learning for Social Good

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Mathematics
    institution: University of Oxford
    year: 2018 - present
  - course: MSc. Mathematical Modelling and Scientific Computing
    institution: University of Oxford
    year: 2016 - 2017
  - course: BSc. Applied Mathematics and Philosophy
    institution: University of Cape Town
    year: 2011 - 2013

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '/#contact'
#- icon: twitter
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
- icon: graduation-cap  # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
  icon_pack: fas
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=vmCR6iMAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/IlanPrice
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ilan-price-a8428747/

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`,
# and uncomment the lines below.
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---

I am an Applied Mathematics PhD Candidate at the University of Oxford and the Alan Turing Institute. My PhD research focusses on understanding and improving our ability to train deep neural networks in sparse or otherwise low dimensional spaces.

Outside of this area I am broadly interested in interdisciplinary applications of Machine Learning for social good, and have a diverse background spanning different research areas, as well as leadership and organisational experience.


{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}CV{{< /staticref >}}.

Commit message:

updated bio with summer 2022 internship

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Ilan Price

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: PhD Candidate

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
- name: Mathematical Institute, University of Oxford
  url: https://www.maths.ox.ac.uk/
- name: The Alan Turing Institute
  url: https://www.turing.ac.uk/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research concerns the mathematics of deep learning and sparse neural networks

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
- Deep Learning
- Machine Learning for Social Good

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Mathematics
    institution: University of Oxford
    year: 2018 - present
  - course: MSc. Mathematical Modelling and Scientific Computing
    institution: University of Oxford
    year: 2016 - 2017
  - course: BSc. Applied Mathematics and Philosophy
    institution: University of Cape Town
    year: 2011 - 2013

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '/#contact'
#- icon: twitter
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
- icon: graduation-cap  # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
  icon_pack: fas
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=vmCR6iMAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/IlanPrice
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ilan-price-a8428747/

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`,
# and uncomment the lines below.
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---

I am an Applied Mathematics PhD Candidate at the University of Oxford and the Alan Turing Institute. My PhD research focusses on sparsity, low-dimensionality, and efficiency in deep learning. 

From May to October 2022 I will be joining DeepMind as a Research Scientist Intern, working on applying deep learning to weather/climate. I also did some work in this area in 2021 as a Research Intern with ClimateAI. 

Outside of this area I am broadly interested in interdisciplinary applications of Machine Learning for social good, and have a diverse background spanning different research areas, as well as leadership and organisational experience.


{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}CV{{< /staticref >}}.
